Content: rewrite git prep content for week 1 (#168)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/induction/blocks/learning-as-community/index.md

+++
title = 'Learning as a community 🏫'
headless = true
time="55"
facilitation = true
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
    1='Describe how we learn as a community at CYF'
    2='Describe a typical week at Code Your Future'
+++

At Code Your Future, we learn as a **community.**

In this session, we're going to describe how we harness our community to learn together.

### Resources

> The facilitator will use this presentation 👉 [Learning as a community presentation](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPy92Cu8=/)

Author: I've just not published it yet so I'll fix the permissions on that once I've spruced it up

> The facilitator will need to use this presentation 👉 [Learning as a community presentation](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPy92Cu8=/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The facilitator will use this presentation 👉 [Learning as a community presentation](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPy92Cu8=/)
```

### Preparation

- [ ] Facilitator: Review this [presentation](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPy92Cu8=/) before class.

> - [ ] Facilitator: Ensure everyone can access the Miro board above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Facilitator: Ensure everyone can access the Miro board presentation.
```

> - [ ] Facilitator: Make sure everyone is split into groups of no more than 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Facilitator: Split the class into groups of no more than 5.
```

- [ ] Facilitator: Make sure every group has access to a laptop.
- [ ] Facilitator: Make sure every group has access to a piece of paper and pen

### Introduction

> The facilitator can use the Miro board presentation to guide trainees and volunteers on a discussion about how we learn together as a community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The facilitator will use the Miro board presentation to guide trainees and volunteers on a discussion about how we learn together as a community.
```

Reviewer: I suggest you link them to a recording of you doing this if possible, to help the volunteer know what is expected.
